[WIP] Add New Features: Company Branding, Search Docs (#394)
BlockSigner/cove: site/content/english/features.md

  {{< features-item src="features/assign-signer.svg"
    headline="Assign signatures"
    description="Pass on a received signature invitation to the required people.">}}
    
  {{< features-item src="features/filter-search.svg"
    headline="Search documents"

>     description="Quickly find the document you are looking for by using the search function.">}}

Author: ```suggestion
    description="Quickly find the document you are looking for by filtering your documents by name.">}}
```

>     description="Quickly find the document you are looking for by using the search function.">}}

Author: ```suggestion
    description="Find the document you are looking for immediately by searching your documents by name.">}}
```

    
  {{< features-item src="features/filter-search.svg"
    headline="Search documents"

>     description="Quickly find the document you are looking for by filtering your documents by name.">}}

Author: ```suggestion
    description="Find the document you are looking for immediately by searching your documents by name.">}}
```
